[Fix] Add --[no-]shrink instruction for release builds (#11022)
flutter/website: src/content/deployment/android.md

:::note
Obfuscation and minification can considerably extend compile time
of the Android application.

> `--[no-]shrink` flag has no effect. Code shrinking is always enabled in release builds. To learn more, see: [Shrink, obfuscate, and optimize your app](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/shrink-code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--[no-]shrink` flag has no effect. Code shrinking is always enabled in release builds.
To learn more, check out
[Shrink, obfuscate, and optimize your app]({{site.android-dev}}/studio/build/shrink-code).
```
